refactor: use convict for configuration (#190)
opengovsg/FormSG: docs/DEPLOYMENT_SETUP.md

| `AWS_REGION`                  | AWS region.                                                                                                                         |
| `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`           | AWS IAM access key ID used to access S3.                                                                                            |
| `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`       | AWS IAM access secret used to access S3.                                                                                            |

> | `AWS_ENDPOINT`                 | AWS S3 bucket endpoint. region.                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `AWS_ENDPOINT`                 | AWS S3 bucket endpoint.                                                                                                                         |
```

| `MAIL_LOGGER`         | If set to true then logs to console. If value is not set or is false then nothing is logged.                                                                                                   |
| `MAIL_DEBUG`          | If set to `true`, then logs SMTP traffic, otherwise logs only transaction events.                                                                                                              |
| `CHROMIUM_BIN`        | Filepath to chromium binary. Required for email autoreply PDF generation with Puppeteer.                                                                                                       |

> | `BOUNCE_LIFE_SPAN`       | Time in milliseconds that bounces are tracked for each form. Defaults to 1800000ms or 30 minutes. Only relevant if you have set up AWS to send bounce and delivery notifications to the /emailnotifications endpoint. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `BOUNCE_LIFE_SPAN`       | Time in milliseconds that bounces are tracked for each form. Defaults to 10800000ms or 3 hours. Only relevant if you have set up AWS to send bounce and delivery notifications to the /emailnotifications endpoint. |
```
